Great job getting this far in the course. You should be proud of yourself. Now using everything that we've
learned so far, which is a lot, we're going to build our first start up landing page.
I want you to build something like this. Something responsive with a background image, some text
and a nice little button.
And the next lesson you can either grab these files off this website and just use this as a demo or
your own and I'll show you how to do, this.
That's right.
We're going to create a sign up form. So that next time you have your big startup idea you can whip
out a website really really quick and start gathering some e-mails.
I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye